{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14080\viewh20420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Escherichia coli (E. coli)
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sb100\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Bacteria, and some strains can make you ill. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Some types can cause diarrhea, urinary tract infections, respiratory illness pneumonia, and other problems. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sb100\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0\fs24 If severe diarrhea occurs, infected pregnant women may become dehydrated; this is typically the main concern. In very rare cases, there may be risk of miscarriage or premature delivery with severe E. coli infection.
\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Listeria (Listeriosis) \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri720\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}An infection that can occur when you consume something contaminated with the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes.\
{\listtext	\'95	}According to the CDC, pregnant women are ten times more likely than others to get Listeriosis after eating contaminated food. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Although pregnant women may experience few symptoms (typically flu-like symptoms if any), the infection can be passed to their unborn babies and cause miscarriage or premature delivery, or it can cause a potentially fatal infection in a newborn. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri720\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf0 Salmonellosis
\b0\fs24  \
{\listtext	\'95	}Food poisoning that can occur when you consume something contaminated by the bacterium Salmonella enterica.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Although salmonellosis is unlikely to cause harm to your baby, it can cause significant diarrhea and vomiting.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs28 Toxoplasmosis (Toxoplasma infection)
\b0\fs24 \
{\listtext	\'95	}An infection caused by the parasite Toxoplasma gondii. \
{\listtext	\'95	}When infected, most people do not experience any symptoms. \
{\listtext	\'95	}If you are infected more than six months prior to becoming pregnant, you are likely immune to the infection and your child is not likely at risk. If you are newly infected while pregnant or just prior to becoming pregnant, you can pass the infection on to your baby. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Problems are worse if the infection spreads to your unborn baby during the early versus later stages of your pregnancy. Although the risk is low, the infection could cause miscarriage, stillbirth or congenital toxoplasmosis (which can result in birth defects, mental retardation, and/or blindness at birth or later in life).}