{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green166\blue224;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13820\viewh13960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SafeToEat TERMS OF SERVICE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Last Updated: April 2, 2017\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This is where we tell you all about our terms of service and privacy policy. Obviously, if you read below during this pre-release time, you\'92ll notice that this is the ToS from my former company. This is just a placeholder for now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 1. Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone plug.dj (\'93plug.dj\'94, \'93Plug DJ\'94 or the \'93Site\'94) is a social viewing platform that allows you and your friends to watch videos and listen to music together and to provide social commentary based on their experiences (collectively the \'93Content\'94). Before viewing, using, or interacting with our Site you must first agree to these Terms and Conditions (\'93Terms\'94). When we say \'93you\'94 we mean the person who is viewing, interacting, or registering with our Site, along with anyone that they may represent. When we say \'93Plug DJ,\'94 \'93us,\'94 \'93our\'94 or \'93we,\'94 we are referring to the owner of the Site, Plug Technologies, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, and its successors and assigns.\
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE.\
In some instances, both these Terms and separate guidelines, rules, or terms of service or sale setting forth additional or different terms and/or conditions will apply to your use of the Site or to a service or product offered via the Site (in each such instance, and collectively \'93Additional Terms\'94). To the extent there is a conflict between these Terms and any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control unless the Additional Terms expressly state otherwise.\
By downloading or otherwise accessing the Site you agree to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy Notice and our cookies policy. If you have any questions about the Site or these Terms, please email us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}}. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, you should stop using the Site immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 2. Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug.dj respects your privacy. This Agreement, along with our Privacy Notice and any other agreements will govern our relationship. Our privacy notice governs the use of information collected from or provided by you to the Site. A complete statement of our current privacy notice can be found {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plug.dj/legal#privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 here}}. Please read it carefully before using the Site.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 3. Description of Service\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug.dj is an online platform that melds social media and entertainment. In other words, plug.dj is designed to allow you and your friends to watch videos or listen to music together online. As part of our platform you will create a unique profile that will allow others to find you and for you to express yourself. Plug DJ is not intended for use by persons under the age of 13 and we require all of our users to be at least 13 years old.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 4. Accounts and Profiles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone In order for you to access plug.dj we may require that you create a unique account to associate with a profile. You may be required to provide us with information, which includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, email address, a unique login name and password. The Site\'92s practices governing any resulting collection and use of your personal information are disclosed in its {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plug.dj/legal#privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Privacy Notice}}. It is your responsibility to also keep this information updated and accurate. We may also allow you to use a third party application program interface (\'93API\'94) such as Facebook Connect to sign up for our Site. Whenever you use this feature, certain information will be transferred from the third party account and will populate your profile here at plug.dj. It is important to read and understand that third parties privacy and information sharing practices and principles. More importantly, you will be making certain information publicly viewable. Most APIs and third party services contain separate terms and conditions and have their own privacy policies. Please be sure to become familiar with those separate policies, as they are separate and distinct from Plug.dj.\
If you register for any feature that requires a password and/or username, then you will select your own password at the time of registration (or we may send you an e-mail notification with a randomly generated initial password). \ul You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password.\ulnone  You may not use the account, username, or password of someone else at any time. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account, user name, or password. We are not be liable for any loss that you incur as a result of someone else using your password, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by Plug DJ, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives due to someone else\'92s use of your account or password.\
If any information that you provide, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any information that you provide, is false, inaccurate, outdated, incomplete, or violates these Terms, or any applicable law, then we may suspend or terminate your account. We also reserve the more general and broad right to terminate your account or suspend or otherwise deny you access to it or its benefits \'96 all in our sole discretion, for any reason, and without advance notice or liability.\
Your Site page where you maintain a profile (\'93Profile Page\'94) may not include any form of prohibited User-Generated Content (defined below), as outlined in Section 7 below. Without limiting the foregoing, Profile Pages may not include content that you are attempting to sell through the Site, and cannot be used to conduct commercial activities, including, but not limited to, transactions, advertising, fundraising, contests or other promotions absent our prior written consent. We may offer you the ability to set preferences relating to your profile or Site activities, but settings may not become effective immediately or be error free, and options may change from time-to-time. We assume no responsibility or liability for users\'92 Profile material.\
Profile Pages may only be set up by the individual (or his or her authorized representative) that is the subject of the Profile Page. We do not review Profile Pages to determine if they were created by an appropriate party, and we are not responsible for any unauthorized Profile Pages that may appear on the Site. If you believe that you are the subject of a page that was created without your consent, please contact us at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}}. If there is any dispute as to whether a Profile Page has been created or is being maintained by an authorized representative of the individual who is the subject of that Profile Page, then we shall have the sole right, but are not obligated, to resolve such dispute as we determine is appropriate in our sole discretion. Such resolution may include, without limitation, deleting or disabling access to Profile Pages, or any portion thereof, at any time without notice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 5. Site Content and Ownership\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone The Site (including past, present, and future versions) and the Content are owned or controlled by Plug DJ and our licensors and certain other third parties. All right, title, and interest in and to the Content available via the Site is the property of Plug DJ or our licensors or certain other third parties, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent and/or other intellectual property and unfair competition rights and laws to the fullest extent possible. Plug DJ owns the copyright in the selection, compilation, assembly, arrangement, and enhancement of the Content on the Site.\
The Site contains a variety of: (i) materials and other items relating to Plug DJ and its products and services, and similar items from our licensors and other third parties, including all layout, information, articles, posts, text, data, files, images, scripts, designs, graphics, button icons, instructions, illustrations, photographs, audio clips, music, sounds, pictures, videos, advertising copy, URLs, technology, software, interactive features, the \'93look and feel\'94 of the Site, and the compilation, assembly, and arrangement of the materials of the Site and any and all copyrightable material (including source and object code); (ii) trademarks, logos, trade names, trade dress, service marks, and trade identities of various parties, including those of Plug DJ (collectively, \'93Trademarks\'94); and (iii) other forms of intellectual property (all of the foregoing, collectively \'93Content\'94).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 6. Content You Submit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone A. General. Plug DJ may now or in the future offer users of the Site the opportunity to create, build, post, upload, display, publish, distribute, transmit, broadcast, or otherwise make available on or submit through the Site (collectively, \'93submit\'94) messages, avatars, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments, responses, sounds, music, videos, information, content, ratings, reviews, data, questions, suggestions, personally identifiable information, or other information or materials and the ideas contained therein (collectively, \'93User-Generated Content\'94). Plug DJ may allow you to do this through forums, blogs, message boards, social networking environments, content creation tools, gameplay, social communities, contact us tools, e-mail, and other communications functionality. Subject to the rights and license you grant in these Terms, you retain whatever legally cognizable right, title, and interest that you have in your User-Generated Content and you remain ultimately responsible for it.\
B. Non-Confidentiality of Your User-Generated Content. Except as otherwise described in the Site\'92s posted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plug.dj/legal#privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Privacy Notice}} or any Additional Terms, you agree that: (a) your User-Generated Content will be treated as non-confidential \'96 regardless of whether you mark them \'93confidential,\'94 \'93proprietary,\'94 or the like \'96 and will not be returned, and (b) Plug DJ does not assume any obligation of any kind to you or any third party with respect to your User-Generated Content. Upon Plug DJ\'92s request, you will furnish us with any documentation necessary to substantiate the rights to such content and to verify your compliance with these Terms or any Additional Terms. You acknowledge that the Internet and mobile communications may be subject to breaches of security and that you are aware that submissions of User-Generated Content may not be secure, and you will consider this before submitting any User-Generated Content and do so at your own risk.\
In your communications with Plug DJ, please keep in mind that we do not seek any unsolicited ideas or materials for products or services, or even suggested improvements to products or services, including, without limitation, ideas, concepts, inventions, or designs for music, web sites, apps, books, scripts, screenplays, motion pictures, television shows, theatrical productions, software or otherwise (collectively, \'93Unsolicited Ideas and Materials\'94). Any Unsolicited Ideas and Materials you post on or send to us via the Site are deemed User-Generated Content and licensed to us as set forth below. In addition, Plug DJ retains all of the rights held by members of the general public with regard to your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials.\
C. License to Plug DJ of Your User-Generated Content. Except as otherwise described in any applicable Additional Terms (such as a contest official rules), which specifically govern the submission of your User-Generated Content, you hereby grant to Plug DJ, the non-exclusive, unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, and cost-free right and license to use, copy, record, distribute, reproduce, disclose, sell, re-sell, sublicense (through multiple levels), display, publicly perform, transmit, publish, broadcast, translate, make derivative works of, and otherwise use and exploit in any manner whatsoever, all or any portion of your User-Generated Content (and derivative works thereof), for any purpose whatsoever in all formats, on or through any means or medium now known or hereafter developed, and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed, and to advertise, market, and promote the same. Without limitation, the granted rights include the right to: (a) configure, host, index, cache, archive, store, digitize, compress, optimize, modify, reformat, edit, adapt, publish in searchable format, and remove such User-Generated Content and combine same with other materials, and (b) use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any User-Generated Content for any purposes whatsoever, including developing, producing, and marketing products and/or services.\
In order to further effect the rights and license that you grant to Plug DJ to your User-Generated Content, you also hereby grant to Plug DJ, and agree to grant to Plug DJ, the unconditional, perpetual, irrevocable right to use and exploit your name, persona, and likeness in connection with any User-Generated Content, without any obligation or remuneration to you. To the extent not waivable, you irrevocably agree not to exercise such rights (if any) in a manner that interferes with any exercise of the granted rights. You understand that you will not receive any fees, sums, consideration, or remuneration for any of the rights granted in this Section 6(C).\
D. Exclusive Right to Manage Our Site. Plug DJ may, but will not have any obligation to, review, monitor, display, post, store, maintain, accept, or otherwise make use of, any of your User-Generated Content, and Plug DJ may, in its sole discretion, reject, delete, move, re-format, remove or refuse to post or otherwise make use of User-Generated Content without notice or any liability to you or any third party in connection with our operation of User-Generated Content venues in an appropriate manner. Without limitation, we may do so to address content that comes to our attention that we believe is offensive, obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, threatening, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate, or to enforce the rights of third parties or these Terms. Such User-Generated Content submitted by you or others need not be maintained on the Site by us for any period of time and you will not have the right, once submitted, to access, archive, maintain, or otherwise use such User-Generated Content on the Site or elsewhere.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 7. Our Rules\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone We may, but are not obligated to, provide our users with the ability to post and receive messages from other plug.dj-listed users or allow you to participate in video or live chats with your friends or other users. It is your responsibility to maintain proper etiquette, and we reserve the right to terminate the account for anyone who violates our policies. We also do not monitor any particular chat, but reserve the right to delete, or filter any User-Generated Content or username for any reason. If someone posts something that is offensive or objectionable please let us know and we will do our best to accommodate you. We do not, however, assume any obligation to remove such User-Generated Content.\
You may share videos and music that is hosted on a third party website (i.e., Youtube, Soundcloud, etc.) but only if it does not conflict with their terms or any applicable law. You may not, however, share, post or otherwise communicate any content (video, audio, or text) that is unlawful, threatening, violent, pornographic, harassing, obscene, racist, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. We reserve the right to determine what is objectionable at our sole discretion.\
In addition to the above, you agree that you will not:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Don't spam. Please do not post any graphics, text, photographs, images, video, audio or other material that constitutes junk mail or spam. Please do not repeat the same posting multiple times in a day or week.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Don't be obscene. You agree not to use any obscene, indecent, or offensive language or to post any graphics, text, photographs, images, video, audio or other material that is defamatory, abusive, bullying, harassing, racist, hateful, or violent. Please refrain from ethnic slurs, religious intolerance, homophobia, and personal attacks. Don\'92t use any sexually explicit language or post any graphics, text, photographs, images, video, audio or other material that is sexually explicit.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Don\'92t infringe on anyone\'92s copyright. You are responsible for ensuring that any graphics, text, photographs, images, video, audio or other material you provide to or post on the Website, including without limitation in bulletin boards, forums, personal ads, chats or elsewhere, does not violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary rights of any third party or is provided or posted with the permission of the owner(s) of such rights.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Don\'92t engage in criminal behavior.You may not post any graphics, text, photographs, images, video, audio or other material that is encrypted, invades anyone\'92s privacy, or illustrates, references or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or that otherwise violates any local, state, federal, national or international law or regulation (e.g., drug use, underage drinking). You agree to use the Website only for lawful purposes and you acknowledge that your failure to do so may subject you to civil and criminal liability.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How we react to your violation of any of these Terms does not mean we will treat everyone the same. We may do anything from yell at you, temporarily suspend your account, ban you, or haul you into Court.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 8. Sharing Videos and Music\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone plug.dj may permit you to share videos and music with your friends. We may also allow you to use video or live chat to discuss the video or music as it is playing. Please note, however, that we do not host any User-Generated Content ourselves. Instead, you must use our platform to share your video or music from the third party video hosting website. You agree that you will be responsible for the User-Generated Content you upload, and that nothing you share will infringe on the rights of anyone. Furthermore, you warrant you have the ability to grant the right to share such User-Generated Content without any obligation to pay any royalties to any copyright owner. You will be responsible for the payment of any royalty and any associated damages, fees, fines or penalties, in the event we find out you have shared User-Generated Content in violation of another\'92s intellectual property rights\
Not to sound like a broken record, but we have to make sure you understand that you will be responsible for any User-Generated Content that you upload, including the consequences of any infringement. By sharing any User-Generated Content you are, in essence, utilizing a third party license to distribute and share User-Generated Content. You may only do this if the Site from which you are linking has given you a license to share such User-Generated Content in the manner contemplated. If it does not, then you cannot share that User-Generated Content.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 9. DMCA Notices\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug.dj has no sense of humor when it comes to intellectual property infringement. In using the Site, you must respect the intellectual property and other rights of Plug DJ and others. Your unauthorized use of Content may violate copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, communications, and other laws, and any such use may result in your personal liability, including potential criminal liability. Plug DJ respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been infringed by means of an improper posting or distribution of it via the Site, then you may request removal of the posting according to the terms of our DMCA policy located {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plug.dj/legal#dmca"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 here.}}\
We will, in appropriate circumstances, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers. It is also our policy to accommodate and not interfere with standard technical measures we determine are reasonable under the circumstances, i.e., technical measures that are used by copyright owners to identify or protect copyrighted works. We retain the discretion to handle non-compliant notices in whatever manner appears to be reasonable given the circumstances presented. Submission of false or misleading information in connection with our DMCA policy may result in termination of your account or other penalties we deem appropriate under the circumstances.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 10. Points and Virtual Currency\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone The Site may include virtual, in-game currency (\'93Virtual Currency\'94), such as credits, coins, cash, or points (e.g., Experience Points, Plug Points and Plug Notes), that may be purchased with \'93real world\'94 money or obtained through spending time on the Site or otherwise interacting with a third-party service. Virtual Currency may be used to purchase virtual, in-game digital items (\'93Virtual Goods\'94). Your purchase or award of Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods are merely a grant by us to a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable right to use the Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods as part of the Site under these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms we provide at the time. Accordingly, you have no property, proprietary, intellectual property, ownership, or monetary interest in your Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods, which remain our Content and property. The right may be immediately suspended or terminated for any reason, in our sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. We reserve the absolute right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods.\
Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods cannot be redeemed by you for \'93real world\'94 money, goods, or other items of monetary value from any party. Transfers of Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods by you outside of what we permit on the Site are strictly prohibited. This means you may not buy or sell Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods for \'93real world\'94 money or otherwise exchange items for value outside of the Site. Any such attempted transfer will be null and void.\
You also agree that all sales of Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods are final unless otherwise detailed in the applicable Additional Terms. No refunds will be given by us. You agree that you will be solely responsible for paying any applicable taxes related to the acquisition of, use of or access to Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods.\
We have the absolute right, but not the obligation, to manage, regulate, control, modify, delete, alter, move, remove, transfer and/or eliminate Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods, in whole or in part, as we see fit, at any time in our sole discretion, including the right to terminate or suspend your account or discontinue the Site (in whole or in part) for any reason, and we shall have no liability to you or anyone for the exercise of such rights. If we suspend or terminate any Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods, then you will forfeit the suspended or terminated subscription or items, except as may be set forth in any Additional Terms (such as any refund policies that may apply to the Site). Likewise, except as may be set forth in any Additional Terms or as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for repairing or replacing same, or providing you any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of our modification of any Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods, or for loss or damage due to error, or any other reason.\
As we feel necessary, in our sole and absolute discretion, we may limit the total amount of Virtual Currency that may be purchased at any one time, and/or limit the total Virtual Currency that may be held in your account in the aggregate. Additionally, price and availability of certain types of Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods are subject to change without notice. You are solely responsible for verifying that the proper amount of Virtual Currency has been added to or deducted from your account during any given transaction, so please notify us immediately should you believe that a mistake has been made with respect to your Virtual Currency balance. If we choose, in our discretion, to investigate your claim, in doing so, may request some additional information and/or documentation to verify your claim. We will let you know the results of any investigation, however, you acknowledge and agree that we have the sole and absolute discretion in determining whether or not your claim is valid, and if so, the appropriate remedy.\
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU SHALL HAVE NO OWNERSHIP OR OTHER PROPERTY INTEREST IN YOUR ACCOUNT, AND YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL RIGHTS IN AND TO THE ACCOUNT ARE AND SHALL FOREVER BE OWNED BY AND INURE TO THE BENEFIT OF PLUG DJ. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO CLAIM, RIGHT, TITLE, OWNERSHIP OR OTHER PROPRIETARY INTEREST IN THE VIRTUAL CURRENCY, VIRTUAL GOODS OR PLUG POINTS THAT YOU ACQUIRE, REGARDLESS OF THE CONSIDERATION OFFERED OR PAID IN EXCHANGE FOR VIRTUAL CURRENCY OR VIRTUAL ITEMS. FURTHERMORE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER FOR THE DESTRUCTION, DELETION, MODIFICATION, IMPAIRMENT, \'93HACKING,\'94 OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE OR LOSS OF ANY KIND CAUSED TO THE VIRTUAL CURRENCY, VIRTUAL GOODS OR PLUG POINTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DELETION OF THEREOF UPON THE TERMINATION, ABANDONMENT OR EXPIRATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 11. Terms of Sale\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone A. Generally. To purchase any products or services (including Virtual Currency) on our Site, you must be at least eighteen (18) years of age or the applicable age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence. If you wish to purchase any products or services on the Site and are under the applicable age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, you must have your parents\'92 permission to do so. Prior to the purchase of any products or services on our Site, you may be required to provide us or our credit card processing company with a valid credit card number and associated payment information, including all of the following: (i) your name as it appears on the card, (ii) your credit card number, (iii) the credit card type, (iv) the date of expiration, and (v) any activation numbers or codes needed to charge your card. By submitting that information to us or directly to our credit card processor, you hereby agree that you authorize us and/or our processor (as applicable) to charge your card at our convenience but within thirty (30) days of credit card authorization. For any product or service that you order on the Site, you agree to pay the price applicable (including any sales taxes and surcharges) as of the time you submit the order. We will automatically bill your credit card or other form of payment submitted as part of the order process for such price. Please note that we do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price drop or promotional offering.\
B. Methods of Payment, Credit Card Terms and Taxes. All payments must be made through your PayPal account or through Visa, MasterCard or American Express (or other form of payment specifically accepted on the Site) and also be in a currency permitted to be used on the Site. We currently do not accept cash, personal or business checks or any other payment form through the Site, although in the future we may change this policy. Your card issuer agreement governs your use of your designated card, and you must refer to that agreement and not these Terms to determine your rights and liabilities as a cardholder. You hereby represent and warrant that you will not use any credit card or other form of payment unless you have all necessary legal authorization to do so. YOU, AND NOT US, ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYING ANY UNAUTHORIZED AMOUNTS BILLED TO YOUR CREDIT CARD BY A THIRD PARTY. You agree to pay all fees and charges incurred in connection with your purchases (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in effect when the charges were incurred. For example, if you purchase with a credit card that is issued through a bank that is based outside of the United States, your bank or our bank may charge foreign transaction fees and other similar currency exchange fees and you agree to reimburse us for any such fees or charges, if charged to us, upon our demand. Unless you notify us of any discrepancies within sixty (60) days after they first appear on your credit card statement, you agree that they will be deemed accepted by you for all purposes. If we do not receive payment from your credit card issuer or its agent, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand by us or its agents. Sales taxes, or other taxes, customs, import/export charges, or similar governmental charges are not included in the price of the products. You are responsible for paying any such taxes or charges imposed on your purchases, including, but not limited to, sales, use or value-added taxes. We shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within and any states or localities that it deems is required in accordance with our order policy in effect at the time of purchase.\
C. No Return Policy. Our current return policy does not permit any returns at this time.\
D. Order Acceptance Policy. Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. We further reserve the right any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. Your order will be deemed accepted by us upon our delivery of products or services that you have ordered. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that, if we cancel all or a portion of your order or if we provide you less than the quantity you ordered, your sole and exclusive remedy is either that: (a) we will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount charged for the cancelled portion or the quantity not provided (if your credit card has already been charged for the order); or (b) we will not charge your credit card for the cancelled portion of the order or the quantity not provided. Do not assume that a cancellation or change of an order you have placed with us has been effected until you receive a confirmation from us via email or the Site. As stated above, you will be responsible for, and your credit card or third-party payment account may be charged for, the payment of all fees associated with orders already processed or shipped before your cancellation/change request or a request to terminate your account was received.\
E. No Responsibility to Sell Mispriced Products or Services. We do our best to describe every item, product or service offered on this Site as accurately as possible. However, we are human, and therefore we do not warrant that specifications or pricing on the Site is complete, accurate, reliable, current or error-free. In the event of any errors relating to the pricing or specifications of any item, product or service, we have the right to refuse or cancel any orders, in its sole discretion. If we charged your credit card or other account prior to cancellation, we will issue a credit to your account in the amount of the charge. Additional terms may apply.\
F. Modifications to Prices or Billing Terms. The purchase of products and services on the Site is subject to availability. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES DISPLAYED ON THE SITE MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES AND MAY BE SUBSTITUTED OR DISCONTINUED AT ANY TIME. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT, AT ANY TIME, TO CHANGE ITS PRICES AND BILLING METHODS FOR SERVICES SOLD, EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING ON THE SERVICE OR BY E-MAIL DELIVERY TO YOU.\
G. Subscription Offerings.Certain features on the Site provide members digital access (a \'93Subscription\'94) to our premium avatars, badges and extra Site features we make available from time to time on a Subscription basis (collectively, \'93Subscription Content\'94), and are subject to the terms and conditions in this Section 11(G) and any Additional Terms posted on the Site relevant to Subscription Content. Access to Subscription Content first requires you to purchase a Subscription. Users shall receive access to the Subscription Content for a monthly fee, the amount of which is disclosed on the Site, payable in advance. For each Subscription, or other product or service that you order on the Site, you agree to pay the price applicable (including any sales taxes and surcharges) as of the time you submitted the order. Plug DJ will automatically bill your credit card or other form of payment submitted as part of the Subscription order process for such price. We will generally charge you on the day that you sign-up for your Subscription, and for future months or years (depending on the type of Subscription you purchase), on that same day of the month or year (as applicable) of your initial purchase (however if you sign-up on the 31st of a month and a month does not have 31 days, you will instead be charged on the last day of that month).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(i) Access Rights To Subscription Content. Subject to compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms, during the Subscription Term (defined below), a user who has purchased a Subscription will have a limited, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license for a user\'92s personal access to the Subscription Content via one (1) Site account. User will use their username and password for purposes of accessing the Subscription Content. User shall: (a) be responsible for the security and/or use of his or her username and password; (b) not disclose that information to any person or entity; (c) not permit any other person or entity to use his or her username or password; and (d) use their Subscription in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Plug DJ reserves the right to deny, suspend or revoke access to the Subscription Content, in whole or in part, if Plug DJ believes a user is in breach of this Agreement or is otherwise using or accessing the Subscription Content in a manner inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Users acknowledge and agree that Plug DJ is providing access to and use of the Subscription Content to multiple customers and those services are non-exclusive and non-transferable by user.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(ii) Subscription Term & Termination. Your Subscription will commence as of the date your payment for a Subscription is received by Plug DJ and will continue in full force for the length of the term you specifically purchased or on a month-to-month term until such time as the user cancels the Subscription through the account functionality on the Site (the \'93Subscription Term\'94). Users can cancel their subscription at any time by emailing support@plug.dj. In the event that a user cancels a Subscription in the middle of their Subscription, the user will not be entitled to receive a refund for the unused portion of the remainder of that Subscription. Plug DJ will have the right, upon written notice to user, to terminate this Agreement, and suspend user\'92s access to the Subscription Content, if: (a) user fails to pay Plug DJ any amount due to Plug DJ under this Agreement; and/or (b) user materially breaches any term or condition of these Terms. Plug DJ shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and suspend user\'92s access to the Subscription Content with or without cause, upon thirty (30) days written notice to user in which case user will no longer be charged for access to the Subscription Content. Upon the expiration or termination of these Terms for any reason, user\'92s access to, and use of, the Subscription Content will terminate.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(iii) Free Trials/Promotional Offerings. We may offer promotional trial Subscriptions to access the Subscription Content for free for a limited time or at special discounted prices. If you sign up for a trial use, your rights to access and use the Subscription Content are limited by the terms of such trial and will terminate or renew on the terms of your trial arrangement and/or any applicable Additional Terms. Please note that we do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price drop or promotional offering. Please note that we do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price drop or promotional offering.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 12. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug DJ provides its Website to you on an \'93as is\'94 and \'93as available\'94 basis. Plug DJ cannot guarantee that the website or its content is error free and makes no representations about the technical accuracy or functionality of the website or that the Content is accurate, error free or up to date. Plug DJ makes no representations \'96 your use the site is at your sole risk. We do not warrant that any information provided is accurate, reliable, up-to-date or correct, or that the Website will be available at any particular time or in any particular location. We also do not guarantee that the Website is free from viruses or other harmful components.\
Plug DJ and its affiliates, shall not be liable to you or any third parties for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out of your use of the Website, the sale or purchase of any goods or merchandise, your access to or inability to access the website, including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the website, your use of or reliance on the website or any of the merchandise, information or materials available on the website, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Some states (including, but not limited to: Alabama, Arizona, Connecticut, Kansas, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Mississippi, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia), may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusions or limitations may not apply to you. You may also have other rights that vary from state to state.\
You hereby agree to release service provider, its affiliates and third-party service providers, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed (\'93claims\'94), arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this site. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which states, in part: \'93a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor\'94.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 13. Linked Sites\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone This Site may link to or be linked from other websites that are not maintained by, or related to, Plug DJ. Plug DJ does not endorse, and is not responsible for, the content of any of those third-party websites. You acknowledge that Plug DJ has not reviewed and does not endorse the content of all sites linked to from this Website and is not responsible for the content or actions of any other sites linked to from this Website. Your linking to any service or site is at your sole risk.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 14. Indemnity\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless us, our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, members, partners, agents, and suppliers, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, members, shareholders, partners, and agents, from any claim, action, demand, liability, judgment, or damage, including reasonable attorneys\'92 fees, arising out of or related to your use of the Site and/or your violation of these Terms, including, without limitation, the infringement by you in your User-Generated Content or any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We may, at our sole discretion, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. The assumption of such defense or control by us, however, shall not excuse any of your indemnity obligations.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 15. Choice of Law\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone We wish to make things as simple as possible in applying this Agreement to our users, and we can\'92t do that if a different jurisdiction\'92s law applies for each user who signs up based on where they live. Therefore, you agree that this Agreement is subject solely to and shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws applicable in the State of California, USA, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 16. Dispute Resolution\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Certain portions of this Section 16 are deemed to be a \'93written agreement to arbitrate\'94 pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act. You and Plug DJ agree that we intend that this Section 16 satisfies the \'93writing\'94 requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act.\
A. First \'96 Try To Resolve Disputes and Excluded Disputes.. If any controversy, allegation, or claim arises out of or relates to the Site, the Content, your User-Generated Content, these Terms, or any Additional Terms, whether heretofore or hereafter arising (collectively, \'93Dispute\'94), or to any of Plug DJ\'92s actual or alleged intellectual property rights (an \'93Excluded Dispute\'94, which includes those actions set forth in Section 16(D), then you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Dispute or Excluded Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it. Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information that you provide us. But if no such information exists or if such information is not current, then we have no obligation under this Section 16(A). Your notice to us must be sent to: Plug Technologies, Inc., 9595 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 900. Beverly Hills, CA 90212 (Attn: Legal Department). For a period of sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, Plug DJ and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Dispute or Excluded Dispute, though nothing will require either you or Plug DJ to resolve the Dispute or Excluded Dispute on terms with respect to which you and Plug DJ, in each of our sole discretion, are not comfortable.\
B. Forums For Alternative Dispute Resolution. If you are located in, are based in, have offices in, or do business in a jurisdiction in which this Section 16 is enforceable, the following mandatory arbitration provisions apply to you:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(i) Arbitration. If we cannot resolve a Dispute as set forth in Section 14.A within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice, then either you or we may submit the Dispute to formal arbitration in accordance with this Section 14.B. If we cannot resolve an Excluded Dispute as set forth in Section 14.A within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice, then either you or we may submit the Excluded Dispute to formal arbitration only if you and Plug DJ consent, in a writing signed by you and an officer or legal representative of Plug DJ, to have that Excluded Dispute subject to arbitration. In such a case, (and only in such a case), that Excluded Dispute will be deemed a \'93Dispute\'94 for the remainder of this Section 14.B.\uc0\u8232 Upon expiration of the applicable sixty-day period and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a Dispute will be resolved solely by binding arbitration in accordance with the then-current Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (\'93AAA\'94). If the Dispute has a claimed value of not more than $250,000, then the arbitration will be heard and determined by a single neutral arbitrator who is a retired judge or a lawyer with not less than fifteen (15) years\'92 experience as a practicing member of the bar in the substantive practice area related to the Dispute, who will administer the proceedings in accordance with the AAA\'92s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. If the Dispute has a claimed value of more than $250,000, or if Plug DJ elects, in its sole discretion, to bear the costs of arbitration in excess of those that would occur for a proceeding before a single neutral arbitrator, then the arbitration will be heard and determined by a three-member panel, with one member to be selected by each party and the third (who will be chair of the panel) selected by the two party-appointed members or by the AAA in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules. The arbitrator or arbitration panel, as the case may be, will apply applicable law and the provisions of these Terms and any Additional Terms, will determine any Dispute according to the applicable law and facts based upon the record and no other basis, and will issue a reasoned award. If you and Plug DJ do not both consent to the arbitration of an Excluded Dispute as set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Section 14.B(i), then this paragraph and the remainder of this Section 14.B will not apply to the Excluded Dispute.\u8232 If a party properly submits the Dispute to the AAA for formal arbitration and the AAA is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within sixty (60) days of the filing of a \'93demand for arbitration,\'94 then either party can elect to have the arbitration administered by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services Inc. (\'93JAMS\'94) using JAMS\'92 streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures, or by any other arbitration administration Site that you and an officer or legal representative of Plug DJ consent to in writing. The substantive practice area requirements for the arbitrator and the $250,000 threshold for a the number of arbitrators assigned to the Dispute set forth in the paragraph above for the AAA arbitration will also apply to any such arbitration under JAMS or another arbitration Site.\u8232 You can obtain AAA and JAMS procedures, rules, and fee information as follows:\u8232 AAA: 800.778.7879 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.adr.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.adr.org}}\uc0\u8232 JAMS: 949.224.1810 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jamsadr.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.jamsadr.com}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(ii) Nature, Limitations, and Location of Alternative Dispute Resolution. In arbitration, as with a court, the arbitrator must honor the terms of these Terms (and any Additional Terms) and can award the prevailing party damages and other relief (including attorneys\'92 fees). However, WITH ARBITRATION (A) THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY, (B) THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS AND ARBITRATION OUTCOME ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CONFIDENTIALITY RULES, AND (C) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF THE ARBITRATION OUTCOME IS LIMITED. All parties to the arbitration will have the right, at their own expense, to be represented by an attorney or other advocate of their choosing. If an in-person arbitration hearing is required, then it will be conducted in the \'93metropolitan statistical area\'94 (as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau) where you are a resident at the time the Dispute is submitted to arbitration. You and we will pay the administrative and arbitrator\'92s fees and other costs in accordance with the applicable arbitration rules; but if applicable arbitration rules or laws require Plug DJ to pay a greater portion or all of such fees and costs in order for this Section 14 to be enforceable, then Plug DJ will have the right to elect to pay the fees and costs and proceed to arbitration, or to decline to do so and have the matter resolved through the courts. Discovery will be permitted pursuant to the applicable arbitration rules. The arbitrator\'92s decision must consist of a written statement stating the disposition of each claim of the Dispute, and must provide a statement of the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and any award (if any) is based. Judgment on the arbitration decision and award (if any) may be entered in or by any court that has jurisdiction over the parties pursuant to Section 9 of the Federal Arbitration Act.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 C. Limited Time To File Claims. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IF YOU OR WE WANT TO ASSERT A DISPUTE (BUT NOT AN EXCLUDED DISPUTE) AGAINST THE OTHER, THEN YOU OR WE MUST COMMENCE IT (BY DELIVERY OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 14.A) WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE DISPUTE ARISES \'96 OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED.\
D. Injunctive Relief. The foregoing provisions of this Section 14 will not apply to any legal action taken by Plug DJ to seek an injunction or other equitable relief in connection with, any loss, cost, or damage (or any potential loss, cost, or damage) relating to the Site, any Content, your User-Generated Content and/or Plug DJ\'92s intellectual property rights (including such Plug DJ may claim that may be in dispute), Plug DJ\'92s operations, and/or Plug DJ\'92s products or services.\
E. Small Claims Matters Are Excluded From Arbitration Requirement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either of us may bring qualifying claim of Disputes (but not Excluded Disputes) in small claims court, subject to Section 14.G.\
F. No Class Action Matters. Disputes will be arbitrated only on an individual basis and will not be consolidated with any other arbitration or other proceedings that involve any claim or controversy of any other party. But if, for any reason, any court with competent jurisdiction or any arbitrator selected pursuant to Section 14.B(i) holds that this restriction is unconscionable or unenforceable, then our agreement in Section 14.B to arbitrate will not apply and the Dispute must be brought exclusively in court pursuant to Section 14.G.\
G. Federal and State Courts in Los Angeles. Except to the extent that arbitration is required in Section 14.B, and except as to the enforcement of any arbitration decision or award, any action or proceeding relating to any Dispute or Excluded Dispute may only be instituted in state or federal court in Los Angeles County, California. Accordingly, you and Plug DJ consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts for such matters.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 17. Waiver of Injunctive or Other Equitable Relief\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone IF YOU CLAIM THAT YOU HAVE INCURRED ANY LOSS, DAMAGES, OR INJURIES IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THEN THE LOSSES, DAMAGES, AND INJURIES WILL NOT BE IRREPARABLE OR SUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION OR TO OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF OF ANY KIND. THIS MEANS THAT, IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR CLAIM, YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT SEEK, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO OBTAIN, ANY COURT OR OTHER ACTION THAT MAY INTERFERE WITH OR PREVENT THE DEVELOPMENT OR EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEBSITE, APPLICATION, CONTENT, USER-GENERATED CONTENT, PRODUCT, SITE, OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNED, LICENSED, USED OR CONTROLLED BY PLUG DJ (INCLUDING YOUR LICENSED USER-GENERATED CONTENT) OR A LICENSOR OF PLUG DJ.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 18. Force Majeure\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone You agree that we are not responsible to you for anything that we may otherwise be responsible for, if it is the result of events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, insurrection, riots, terrorism, crime, labor shortages (including lawful and unlawful strikes), any third party site being down, communication disruption, failure or shortage of infrastructure, zombie attacks, shortage of materials, or any other event beyond our control.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 19. Cancellation of Service\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone You agree that we may cancel our service or the Site at any time, for any reason, without warning or compensation, even if we have been advised that it may result in a loss to you or any other party.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 20. Severability\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone In the event that a provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful or otherwise unenforceable, the Agreement will remain in force as though it had been entered into without that unlawful or unenforceable provision being included in it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 21. Update to Terms\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone These Terms (or if applicable Additional Terms), in the form posted at the time of your use of the Site to which it applies, shall govern such use (including transactions entered during such use). AS OUR SITE EVOLVES, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH WE OFFER THE SITE MAY PROSPECTIVELY BE MODIFIED AND WE MAY CEASE OFFERING THE SITE UNDER THE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR WHICH THEY WERE PREVIOUSLY OFFERED. ACCORDINGLY, EACH TIME YOU SIGN IN TO OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE YOU ARE ENTERING INTO A NEW AGREEMENT WITH US ON THE THEN APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY NOTIFY YOU OF OTHER TERMS BY POSTING THEM ON THE SITE (OR IN ANY OTHER REASONABLE MANNER OF NOTICE WHICH WE ELECT), AND THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AFTER SUCH NOTICE CONSTITUTES YOUR GOING FORWARD AGREEMENT TO THE OTHER TERMS FOR YOUR NEW USE AND TRANSACTIONS. Therefore, you should review the posted terms of Site and any applicable Additional Terms each time you use the Site (at least prior to each transaction or submission). The Additional Terms will be effective as to new use and transactions as of the time that we post them, or such later date as may be specified in them or in other notice to you. However, the Terms (and any applicable Additional Terms) that applied when you previously used the Site will continue to apply to such prior use (i.e., changes and additions are prospective only) unless mutually agreed. In the event any notice to you of new, revised or additional terms is determined by a tribunal to be insufficient, the prior agreement shall continue until sufficient notice to establish a new agreement occurs. You should frequently check the home page, your message account and the e-mail you associated with your account for notices, all of which you agree are reasonable manners of providing you notice. You can reject any new, revised or Additional Terms by discontinuing use of the Site and related services.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 22. Investigations; Cooperation with Law Enforcement; Termination; Survival\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug DJ reserves the right, without any limitation, to: (i) investigate any suspected breaches of its Site security or its information technology or other systems or networks, (ii) investigate any suspected breaches of these Terms and any Additional Terms, (iii) investigate any information obtained by Plug DJ in connection with reviewing law enforcement databases or complying with criminal laws, (iv) involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating any of the foregoing matters, (v) prosecute violators of these Terms and any Additional Terms, and (vi) discontinue the Site, in whole or in part, or, except as may be expressly set forth in any Additional Terms, suspend or terminate your access to it, in whole or in part, including any user accounts or registrations, at any time, without notice, for any reason and without any obligation to you or any third party. The provisions of these Terms and any Additional Terms, which by their nature should survive your suspension or termination will survive, including the rights and licenses you grant to Plug DJ in these Terms, as well as the indemnities, releases, disclaimers, and limitations on liability and the provisions regarding jurisdiction, choice of law, no class action, and mandatory arbitration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 23. International Use.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone The website is controlled and operated from our offices in the State of California. We make no representation that any of the materials or the services to which you have been given access are available or appropriate for use in other locations. Access to this site from countries or territories where such access is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 PLUG.DJ PRIVACY POLICY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Last Updated: February 25, 2017\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 1. Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug.dj is a social viewing platform that allows you and your friends to watch videos and listen to music together and to provide social commentary based on their experiences. We respect your privacy and the security of your personal information, and we want to do as much as we can to protect it. Because of this, we have created this Privacy Notice to govern how we deal with your personal information. Since our Site is built off of Content that you provide, including shared information from third party sites, it is important that you read and understand their information sharing policies as well.\
This Privacy Notice tells you when it was last updated, what information we collect from you, how we might use it, how you can review or change the personal information you provided to us, how we may change this Notice, and the steps we take to ensure that your personal information is protected. You are entitled to know once a year what information, if we share any with other businesses and for what purposes. Please request this information by contacting us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}}. By using the Plug DJ Site, you consent that we may process the data that we collect from you in accordance with this Privacy Notice.\
All activities in which you may engage in with the Site are voluntary. You are not required to provide any personal information to us unless you choose to access features on the Site which require such information. By submitting or otherwise making available your personal data or other sensitive information, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice and you expressly consent to the processing of your information accordance with this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree with the terms provided in this Notice or our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plug.dj/legal#terms"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Terms of Use}}, then you should leave the Site and should not provide us with any of your personal information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 2. Effective Date and Changes to this Notice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date above, and will remain in effect until a new Notice supersedes it. We may choose to update this Notice at our discretion, so you should review these terms periodically as the terms may change from time to time. The most recent version of the Notice will be reflected by the \'93last updated\'94 date noted at the bottom of the page. Your continued use of the Site will constitute your acknowledgment of the Notice in its current version and your understanding of the terms of the Notice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 3. Information We Collect\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \'93Personal Information\'94 means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, phone number, zip code, and e-mail address. \'93Non-personal information\'94 means data about you that does not identify you personally. We collect Personal Information and Non-personal information, as described below.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul A. Personal Information\ulnone  In order for you to sign up for our service, we ask for personal information from you including your name, e-mail address, billing information, mailing address, phone number, photo, username from other social media sites, gender, date of birth, or other information such as geolocation that can be used to identify you personally. In addition, we utilize third party APIs like Facebook Connect, Twitter OAuth, and other APIs that allow you to transfer your profile information from those Sites to ours depending on your settings on those Sites. We are not responsible for any information that does not transfer or if any information is inaccurate. Your use of any of the video or chat features may be recorded or logged by our servers. We may use this data to improve our Site or Platform, or to determine how best to provide marketing opportunities to you. We use the above referenced information to contact you regarding your account, assist in customer service and support, and to improve our Site and the plug.dj platform. We also use the information we collect to send periodic communications to you regarding updates to our Site, new features, and marketing opportunities that we think you may find interesting. We may send you periodic emails that concern updates or features. If you feel that you are receiving unwanted messages from us (which we hope isn\'92t the case!) then please use the unsubscribe button to remove yourself from our list. Please allow for up to ten (10) business days to process the removal.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul B. Anonymous Information\ulnone  We may collect information about you that does not identify you personally. When you access our website, we may collect such things as your IP address, browser, operating system, and other information that helps us know about the general nature of our visitors. We use this information to improve our Site and the plug.dj platform.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 4. Cookies and Other Data Collected.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your hard drive or in device memory. We link the information we store in Cookies to the personally identifiable information you submit. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with the Site. Your Web browser may allow you to delete, block or otherwise disable the use of Cookies or HTML5. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our Site may not work properly.\
Web beacons and pixel tags are images embedded in a webpage or email for the purpose of measuring and analyzing usage and activity. Plug DJ, or third party service providers acting on our behalf, may use web beacons and pixel tags to help us analyze usage and improve our functionality.\
Social media tools, like widgets and plug-ins, are used so you can share information from Plug DJ on other sites such Facebook and Twitter. These interactive mini-programs collect your IP address, record the pages you visit on our website, and set cookies that will enable the widget to function properly. Your interactions with these widgets are governed by the Privacy Notice of the company providing them, not by this Privacy Notice. We also use the Facebook and Twitter pixel tags to help us understand how effective our marketing is on those sites.\
To make the Site and related services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you, such as browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.\
We use tracking cookies to distinguish you from other users to help prevent one user from unwittingly logging into another user\'92s account on the same computer or network. In conjunction with third party API\'92s, we also allow you to login using your credentials on those third party sites. These Sites may use cookies to track your web browsing, and have separate privacy policies that you must read. In addition, any time you share Content with others those third party Sites may collect information about people who view or share that Content. You must also read their privacy policies.\
We also may use tracking cookies to help ourselves or third party advertisers increase the effectiveness and quality of, and interest in, our marketing programs, or for other advertising or marketing purposes.\
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google\'92s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google\'92s own privacy policies.\
Your use of the Site may require that you have cookies turned on, depending on your login preferences.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 5. User Content\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone We may allow you to post Content to our website, including videos and music. This content, once posted, is available for anyone to see and you are granting us the limited license for our use in accordance with our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plug.dj/legal#terms"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Terms of Use}}. As such, you must make sure you do not post anything that you do not have the rights to distribute.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 6. Third Party Sites\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Since our Site is built off of Content and sharing, you can be sure that you will encounter links to third party sites or Content that is being displayed from a third party site. Anytime you encounter a link to a website outside of plug.dj, you should know that we have no control over that Site. We recommend that you consult those websites privacy policies, terms of service, and other similar documents when using them.\
You may also have the ability to interface, through the use of APIs, with third party websites such as social websites like Facebook and Twitter. These features may collect your IP address and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the Privacy Notice of the company providing it. Plug DJ is not responsible for any breaches of privacy that may arise from the use of these third party websites.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 7. Ways you might share your data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug DJ does not sell your personal information or general information to third parties. However, in the future, we may provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers, partners and other third parties. For example, your data may be transferred to parties who assist in designing and operating the site, executing services, or helping us analyze collected data. These parties will only use your data for the purpose of carrying out the work as agreed with us and will be required to keep the information confidential. We will encourage our service partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your personal information by service partners is governed by the privacy policies of those service partners and is not subject to our control.\
Your traffic and transaction information may be shared with our business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis. We may also draw inferences from this information, aggregate this information, and use this information to inform the operation of the Site, enhance your experience, or for any other lawful purpose. Such information shall be governed by this notice in the same manner as any other personal information.\
We may host data with third parties and allow third parties to access, maintain, or otherwise use your information for purposes that we deem conducive to improving our business and service. We will strive to always deal with reputable providers, but we cannot make any guarantees. As such, you hereby agree that we are not liable for any privacy breaches that may occur as a result of the actions of third parties. In addition, how you interact with our Site may be shared with the third party service that you used to login, which means you are also storing information on their servers, which is governed by their own agreements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 8. Disclosure of Your Information for Security Purposes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug DJ fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We will release personal or general information without your consent for security purposes, when required by law, or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity. We will disclose personal or general information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, which may include responding to requests and court orders from jurisdictions outside the United States. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful, as determined in our sole discretion. If we receive such a request we may, but are not required to, notify you of such request and give you an opportunity to respond.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 9. How Does Plug DJ Keep my Data Safe?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Plug DJ uses a combination of technical and administrative security controls to maintain the security of your data. In addition to physical security measures such as limiting the number of persons who have access to your information, Plug DJ uses a number of technological security measures, including password encryption, to keep your information safe. If you have a security-related concern, please contact us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 10. Children\'92s Online Privacy Protection Act\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone The Plug DJ Site it is not intended for users under the age of 13. We do not knowingly or intentionally gather personal data about visitors who are under the age of 13 and we do not allow users on our website who are under the age of thirteen years old. If you are aware of, or suspect that, someone under the age of 13 is using the Plug DJ Site without permission, please notify us immediately by contacting us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}}. If we suspect that, or you are reported, as being in violation of our age policy, we may freeze your account and require that you submit satisfactory proof of age before you may continue using our service.\
If you have questions or concerns about the Internet and privacy for your child, we encourage you to check out the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0031-protecting-your-childs-privacy-online"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 FTC Guidelines}} for protecting your child\'92s privacy online.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 11. California Online Privacy Protection Act\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone We fully comply with California\'92s privacy legislation as it relates to dealing with California\'92s residents. If you have any questions about your rights under this Privacy Notice, please contact us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}} for more information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Plug DJ does not respond to DO NOT TRACK settings in your browser.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 12. Users from outside the United States\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone The Plug DJ Site is hosted and operated entirely in the United States and is subject to United States law. Any personal information that you provide to Plug DJ is being transferred to Plug DJ for use solely in the United States and will be hosted on United States servers. You consent to the transfer of your personal information to the United States. If you are accessing the Plug DJ Site from outside the United States, please be advised that United States law may not offer the same privacy protections as the law of your jurisdiction.\
To the extent we are required and capable, we maintain our Site and information collection practices in a way that conforms with most laws. If you are from a jurisdiction whose information collection practices differ from ours, please notify us so that we may take necessary action. This may include terminating your account and deleting your information. We are committed to resolving those issues, so if you have any questions about how we collect or use your information you may email us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 13. Deactivating your account\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone You may deactivate your account at any time by contacting us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}}. When submitting your request, please let us know what led you to deactivate your account. Your feedback is greatly appreciated, and will help us to better accommodate members of the community.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul 14. Questions or Comments\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone If you have any questions or comments relating to the Plug DJ Site or this Privacy Notice, send an e-mail to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@plug.dj}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 DMCA POLICY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Last updated: February 25, 2017\
Submitting a Copyright Takedown Notice:\
If you believe your copyright-protected work was posted on Plug.dj without authorization, you may submit a copyright infringement notification.\
Plug.dj has adopted a policy that provides for the suspension and/or termination of any user who is found to have infringed on the rights of Plug.dj or of a third party, or otherwise violated any intellectual property laws or regulations. Plug.dj\'92s policy is to investigate any allegations of copyright infringement brought to its attention.\
If you have evidence, know, or have a good faith belief that your rights or the rights of a third party have been violated and you want Plug.dj to delete, edit, or disable the material in question, you must provide Plug.dj with all of the following information (as required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. sec. 512) to our designated copyright agent set forth below:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringed or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Plug.dj to locate the material;\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(d) information reasonably sufficient to permit Plug.dj to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted;\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Be sure to consider whether fair use, fair dealing, or a similar exception exists.\
For this notification to be effective, you must provide it to Plug.dj\'92s designated agent, Heather Antoine, Plug Technologies, Inc., 9595 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 900. Beverly Hills, CA 90212 (Attn: Legal Department); email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:copyright@plug.dj"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 copyright@plug.dj}}. If sending the notification by e-mail, an electronic signature is acceptable. For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to plug.dj customer service at http://support.plug.dj.\
Upon notification of claimed infringement, we will respond expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity. We will also notify the person who posted, uploaded or otherwise placed the allegedly infringing material on the Site that we have removed or disabled access to such material.\
If you believe that material has been removed improperly, you must send a written counter notification to the Agent, and include:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(a) a physical or electronic signature of the user;\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(b) identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(c) a statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(d) the subscriber\'92s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber\'92s address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided the original notification or an agent of such person.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Upon receipt of a counter notification complying with the foregoing requirements, we will promptly provide the person who provided the original notification with a copy of the counter notification, and inform that person that we will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in ten (10) business days, unless we receive notice that the original notifier has notified the designated agent for the counter notifier that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on our system or network.\
Only copyright complaints should be sent to agent. No other communications will be accepted or responded to.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plug.dj/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 < Back to plug.dj}}}